Adding known issue for ROKS cluster (#2264)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues.adoc

For more information, see link:../observability/observability_enable.adoc#enabling-observability[Enabling observability].

[#missing-data-roks]
=== There is no data from ROKS cluster
//2.2.3:12114

> {product-title-short} observability does not display data on some built-in dashboards from an ROKS cluster because it is not supported. The following ROKS dashboards are not supported: `Kubernetes/API server`, `Kubernetes/Compute Resources/Workload`, `Kubernetes/Compute Resources/Namespace(Workload)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title-short} observability does not display data from an ROKS cluster on some panels within built-in dashboards.  This is because ROKS does not expose any API Server metrics from servers they manage. The following Grafana dashboards contain panels that do not support ROKS clusters: `Kubernetes/API server`, `Kubernetes/Compute Resources/Workload`, `Kubernetes/Compute Resources/Namespace(Workload)`
```
